If you had to live inside one board game, which would you choose?
What’s the most unhinged thing you’ve ever seen a stranger do in public?
If your life had a narrator, who would you want it to be?
Would you rather have to wear a medieval suit of armor every day or a clown outfit?
What’s the most unnecessary sequel ever made?
If you could only eat one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the worst possible animal to be reincarnated as?
If you could instantly become the best in the world at one sport, which would it be?
What’s something everyone seems to love that you just don’t get?
If you had to pick a single emoji to represent your personality, which would it be?
Would you rather have to sing everything you say or dance everywhere you go?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever overheard?
If you could only watch movies from one decade, which decade would you pick?
What’s an extremely niche fact that you love telling people?
If you could control one type of weather forever, what would you choose?
What’s the most awkward social situation you’ve ever been in?
Would you rather explore deep space or the deepest parts of the ocean?
What’s the worst thing someone could serve at a dinner party?
If you could bring back one canceled TV show, which one would it be?
What’s the most ridiculous reason you’ve ever had for disliking someone?
If you had to move to a new country tomorrow, where would you go?
What’s a smell you absolutely cannot stand?
If aliens asked you to explain humanity in one sentence, what would you say?
What’s the weirdest talent you wish you had?
Would you rather be completely immune to pain or never get tired?
What’s the worst haircut you’ve ever had?
If you could live inside any painting, which one would you choose?
What’s the most unusual way you’ve ever made money?
Would you rather always feel like you have to sneeze or have hiccups once a day forever?
What’s a food you’ve tried once and will never eat again?
If your favorite childhood toy came to life, how dangerous would it be?
What’s the worst thing you could say to someone on a first date?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere but only once a month or run twice as fast as normal?
What’s a word that just sounds really weird when you say it too many times?
If you had to pick a completely useless superpower, what would it be?
What’s something that makes you irrationally angry?
Would you rather be stuck in an elevator for 12 hours with a mime or a ventriloquist?
If you could erase one day in history, which one would it be?
What’s the most bizarre animal fact you know?
If your dreams could be turned into a Netflix series, what genre would it be?
Would you rather be able to smell emotions or hear people’s thoughts as a whisper?
What’s a discontinued product that you still miss?
If your reflection suddenly winked at you, what would you do?
Would you rather have to wear roller skates everywhere or always carry a ladder?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever found on the internet?
If you could force everyone in the world to read one book, which would it be?
What’s a hobby you picked up and immediately regretted?
Would you rather always have the same dream every night or never dream again?
If you could make a minor change to history just to confuse historians, what would it be?
What’s the most annoying thing someone can do on public transportation?
If you had to fight a horror movie villain, which one would you stand the best chance against?
What’s the most overpowered ability a superhero could have?
Would you rather be able to erase embarrassing memories from your own mind or from everyone else’s?
If you could change one rule of physics for a day, what would you do?
What’s the best name for a pet that nobody has thought of yet?
Would you rather be able to communicate with insects or be able to understand babies?
If your past self could see your life now, what would they be most surprised about?
What’s a sound that instantly puts you in a bad mood?
If every time you sneezed, something random happened, what would be the funniest effect?
What’s the most absurd world record you think you could break?
Would you rather have a rewind button for 10 seconds at a time or a pause button for one minute?
If you could replace the national anthem with any song, what would it be?
What’s something that’s been ruined for you forever?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout?
What’s the most mind-blowing thing you’ve ever learned?
If you could have a warning label attached to you, what would it say?
Would you rather have a permanent clown nose or cartoonishly big feet?
What’s the worst thing you could say to your boss?
If your house was suddenly transported 500 years into the past, how long would you survive?
What’s something that was normal when you were younger but is weird now?
Would you rather have an entire theme park to yourself for a day or unlimited free food at any restaurant?
If you had to spend a week in a single movie, which one would you choose?
What’s the weirdest piece of advice you’ve ever gotten?
Would you rather have every song you hear be a cover by the same artist or every movie be a remake?
What’s something you would never do even for a million dollars?
If animals ran the world, which species would be in charge?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve seen someone do in traffic?
If you could live in a different time period but had to stay there forever, which would you choose?
Would you rather always feel like someone is watching you or always hear whispers but never know where they’re from?
What’s the most random thing you’ve ever been accused of?
If you could make one household chore do itself forever, which would you pick?
Would you rather have a sentient house that talks to you or a car that talks back?
What’s the worst possible product to get a lifetime supply of?
If your shadow suddenly started acting independently, what would it do first?
Would you rather be able to talk to your past self or your future self?
What’s the weirdest law in your country that actually exists?
If you had to add one unusual ingredient to every meal you eat, what would it be?
What’s the dumbest reason you’ve ever been in trouble?
Would you rather be able to predict the future but only for things nobody cares about or be able to read minds but only for people who never have interesting thoughts?
What’s the weirdest superstition you’ve ever heard?
If you could be any cryptid for a day, which one would you choose?
Would you rather have to use a flip phone for the rest of your life or only be able to text in Morse code?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever pulled (or had pulled on you)?
If you could be the main character in any genre of book, what would it be?
What’s a personal habit you wish you could erase from existence?
Would you rather have a pocket that could hold anything or a backpack that could make things weightless?
If your worst enemy had to describe you in one word, what would it be?
What’s the most absurd thing someone has ever tried to convince you was true?
What’s a song that instantly brings back a specific memory for you?
If animals could talk, which one do you think would be the most annoying?
Would you rather be able to breathe underwater or fly at walking speed?
What’s a movie you refuse to watch, no matter how many people recommend it?
If you had to be trapped in a video game world for a year, which one would you pick?
Would you rather lose your ability to taste or never be able to listen to music again?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If aliens visited tomorrow, what’s the first thing you’d show them?
What’s a piece of outdated technology you still use and love?
If you could erase one food from existence, what would it be?
What’s your most controversial but harmless opinion?
If you could swap lives with a fictional character for a week, who would it be?
Would you rather have unlimited free travel or never have to pay for food again?
What’s the most random fact you know?
If you had to live in a world from a horror movie, which one would you choose?
What’s the worst advice you’ve ever received?
If you had to rename Earth, what would you call it?
Would you rather be able to talk to ghosts or animals?
What’s the most bizarre coincidence you’ve ever experienced?
If time travel existed, would you visit the past or the future?
What’s a skill you wish you could master instantly?
If your pet suddenly gained the ability to talk, what’s the first thing they’d say to you?
What’s the worst thing to say to someone right before they fall asleep?
If you could control one element (earth, fire, water, air), which would it be and why?
Would you rather be stuck in a zombie apocalypse or an alien invasion?
What’s a trend from the past you want to make a comeback?
If you could make one conspiracy theory true, which one would it be?
What’s the most out-of-pocket thing a child has ever said to you?
Would you rather live in a world where everyone can read minds or no one can speak?
If you had to survive one year in the wilderness with only three items, what would they be?
What’s a food combination you swear by that others find disgusting?
If your life was a video game, what would the loading screen tips say?
Would you rather be able to instantly learn any language or play any instrument perfectly?
If your sleep paralysis demon could talk, what would it say?
What’s something you believed as a kid that turned out to be completely false?
If a movie was made about your life, what genre would it be?
Would you rather never need to sleep or never need to eat?
What’s the most ridiculous law that actually exists?
If you could remove one word from the English language forever, what would it be?
What’s the worst piece of furniture you’ve ever owned?
If you could have a personal theme song that played when you entered a room, what would it be?
Would you rather fight a horse-sized duck or 100 duck-sized horses?
What’s something completely useless you’re really good at?
If you had to be haunted by one historical figure, who would you choose?
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve ever done?
If you could have any mythical creature as a pet, which one would it be?
What’s the most infuriating thing about modern technology?
If you could make one thing illegal, no matter how small, what would it be?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or 20 minutes early?
What’s a moment in history you’d love to witness firsthand?
If you could make a reality show about any weird concept, what would it be?
What’s something you irrationally fear?
If you had to replace your hands with something else, what would you pick?
What’s a movie you think deserved a sequel but never got one?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it celebrate?
What’s a smell that instantly makes you nostalgic?
Would you rather be famous for something stupid or unknown for something incredible?
What’s a thing you learned embarrassingly late in life?
If you could be a background character in any TV show, which one would it be?
Would you rather fight an immortal snail that’s always hunting you or live with an angry poltergeist?
What’s the worst “fun fact” you know?
If you had to spend a month in a single building, which one would you choose?
What’s the dumbest way you’ve ever injured yourself?
If you could pick any animal to replace horses in all historical battles, which would you choose?
Would you rather have infinite money but no friends or infinite friends but no money?
What’s a fictional character death that still haunts you?
If you had to listen to one song on repeat forever, what would it be?
What’s something that sounds fake but is 100% real?
If you could get rid of one chore forever, which would it be?
What’s a secret society or cult you’d want to infiltrate?
Would you rather always feel slightly too cold or slightly too hot?
What’s a superpower that seems great but would actually suck to have?
If you could un-invent one thing, what would it be?
Would you rather be stuck in a time loop of one day forever or randomly time travel once a year?
If you could swap voices with any person, living or dead, who would it be?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever fallen asleep?
If your dreams could be recorded and watched like a movie, would you want to see them?
What’s something that seems like it should be illegal but isn’t?
If you could make one fictional character real, who would it be?
Would you rather have a rewind button for life or a fast-forward button?
What’s the most cursed thing you’ve ever seen on the internet?
If your entire wardrobe had to be one color forever, what would it be?
Would you rather have infinite knowledge but never be able to explain it or be a genius in only one subject?
What’s the worst name you’ve ever heard someone give their child?
If you could erase one embarrassing moment from your memory, what would it be?
What’s a food that should never have been invented?
If you had to choose one object to haunt someone with, what would it be?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of the ocean or in an abandoned space station?
What’s a lie you told as a kid that spiraled out of control?
If your house could talk, what secrets would it spill?
What’s something you love that everyone else seems to hate?
Would you rather have a personal robot assistant or a pet that understands human speech?
What’s the worst fashion trend in history?
If you could be an expert in any conspiracy theory, which one would you pick?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
If you could live in any fictional universe, where would you choose and why?
Would you rather never be able to use the internet again or never be able to watch TV again?
What’s a talent you wish you had but don’t?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and what would you ask them?
What’s the most random thing you’ve ever Googled?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever received?
If you could erase one event from history, what would it be?
Would you rather be rich and miserable or poor and happy?
What’s the worst fashion trend you’ve ever participated in?
If you had to spend a day in someone else’s shoes, who would it be and why?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you?
What’s your idea of a perfect day?
Would you rather be able to speak every language fluently or play every instrument perfectly?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try but have been too scared to do?
What fictional character do you relate to the most and why?
If you could time travel to any period in history, where would you go?
If you could instantly learn any skill, what would it be?
What’s the last book that really made you think?
What’s your biggest pet peeve?
What’s one piece of advice you would give to your younger self?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
What’s a habit you’ve picked up during quarantine that you’re not ready to give up?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought you’d never be able to do?
Would you rather live on a tropical island or in a bustling city?
What’s something that you find extremely relaxing?
If you could meet any fictional character, who would it be and why?
Would you rather explore space or the deep sea?
What’s one food you could eat for the rest of your life without getting tired of it?
What’s something you’re surprisingly good at?
If you could master one art form, what would it be?
What’s a childhood dream you had that you still think about sometimes?
Would you rather be famous for something silly or be completely unknown?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever visited?
What’s the worst haircut you’ve ever had?
What’s your guilty pleasure TV show?
Would you rather live in a world without music or without books?
If you could bring any fictional item to life, what would it be?
What’s the craziest adventure you’ve ever been on?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s something you wish you could forget?
Would you rather have the ability to read minds or the ability to make anyone believe anything you say?
If you could ask one question to the entire world and get an honest answer, what would you ask?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
If you had to choose one superpower, what would it be?
What’s a habit you’re trying to break?
Would you rather live without air conditioning or without heating?
What’s something that always makes you laugh, no matter how many times you see it?
If you could live in any time period, when would it be and why?
What’s your biggest fear and how do you cope with it?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
What’s your dream vacation destination?
What’s your least favorite chore and why?
Would you rather live forever but be completely alone, or live a normal lifespan surrounded by people you love?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve done in the last year?
Would you rather never have to sleep again or never have to eat again?
What’s one thing that makes you feel instantly better when you’re in a bad mood?
If you could switch lives with anyone for a week, who would it be and why?
What’s a hobby you’ve always wanted to pick up but never did?
Would you rather live in the past or the future? Why?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
If you could be any animal for a day, what would you be and why?
What’s your least favorite season of the year and why?
What’s one thing you’re really bad at but wish you could be better at?
Would you rather have a photographic memory or be able to forget anything you want?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done in public?
If you had to spend a month living in one room, how would you decorate it?
What’s the hardest lesson you’ve learned so far in life?
Would you rather be able to breathe underwater or fly?
What’s your all-time favorite meal to eat on a special occasion?
If you could be an expert in any field, what would it be?
Would you rather always know the truth, even when it’s painful, or live in blissful ignorance?
What’s your favorite type of weather and why?
If you could instantly fix one of the world’s biggest problems, what would it be?
Would you rather always have to tell the truth or always be able to lie without getting caught?
What’s the last movie or TV show that made you cry?
Would you rather live without your phone for a month or without your computer?
What’s one thing you wish everyone knew about you?
What’s the first thing you would buy if you won the lottery?
Would you rather be able to speak every language or communicate with animals?
What’s one thing you think everyone should try at least once in their life?
If you could invent something that would change the world, what would it be?
Would you rather have a job that you love but doesn’t pay well, or one you dislike but pays a lot?
What’s the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen?
If you could be famous for something, what would it be?
What’s your biggest motivation to get out of bed in the morning?
Would you rather be able to see the future or change the past?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s one small thing that makes a big difference in your day?
Would you rather always have to tell the truth or always get away with lies?
What’s one thing you’ve always wanted to learn but never had the chance?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would you go?
What’s your favorite way to spend a weekend?
Would you rather lose all of your memories or never be able to make new ones?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever heard someone say with complete sincerity?
If you could meet any celebrity, who would it be and why?
What’s the weirdest thing you believe is true?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal driver?
If you could instantly gain any one skill, what would it be?
What’s one book everyone should read at least once in their life?
Would you rather always have a perfect memory or be able to forget anything you want?
What’s something you would change about the way you were raised?
If you could have any job for a day, what would it be?
Would you rather have the power to heal people or to make them laugh?
What’s your biggest pet peeve when it comes to social media?
If you had to choose one thing to do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever given someone?
Would you rather spend a year living in complete solitude or surrounded by annoying people?
What’s something you’d never give up, no matter what?
If you could make one rule that everyone in the world had to follow, what would it be?
Would you rather have a perfect body but no friends, or a flawed body with amazing friends?
What’s the most interesting place you’ve ever been to?
Would you rather always know what’s going to happen next, or never be able to predict the future?
What’s one hobby you think everyone should try at least once?
What’s the most beautiful thing about nature, in your opinion?
Would you rather be able to control your dreams or never need sleep?
If you could change your name, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen someone do in public?
Would you rather have a day to yourself or spend it with your favorite people?
What’s your biggest fear about the future?
Would you rather be able to remember everything or forget things easily?
What’s something you think everyone should know how to do, no matter their age?
If you could live in a different country, which one would you choose?
What’s one thing you’ve learned in the last year that you wish you knew earlier?
Would you rather have a job you hate but make a lot of money, or a job you love but barely make ends meet?
If you could have dinner with any fictional character, who would it be?
What’s one thing you wish was different about the world today?
Would you rather be able to change your appearance at will or have the ability to change your surroundings?
What’s something you’ve done that made you feel incredibly proud?
Would you rather always be a little too early or always a little too late?
When was the last time you tried something new?
Who do you sometimes compare yourself to?
What’s the most sensible thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
What gets you excited about life?
What life lesson did you learn the hard way?
What do you wish you spent more time doing five years ago?
Do you ask enough questions or do you settle for what you know?
Who do you love and what are you doing about it?
What’s a belief that you hold with which many people disagree?
What can you do today that you were not capable of a year ago?
Do you think crying is a sign of weakness or strength?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you?
Do you celebrate the things you do have?
What is the difference between living and existing?
If not now, then when?
Have you done anything lately worth remembering?
What does your joy look like today?
Is it possible to lie without saying a word?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would
allow this person to be your friend?
Which activities make you lose track of time?
If you had to teach something, what would you teach?
What would you regret not fully doing, being or having in your life?
Are you holding onto something that you need to let go of?
When you are 80-years-old, what will matter to you the most?
When is it time to stop calculating risk and rewards and just do what you know is right?
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
What makes you smile?
When it’s all said and done, will you have said more than you’ve done?
If you had the opportunity to get a message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
If the average human lifespan was 40 years, how would you live your life differently?
What do we all have in common besides our genes that makes us human?
If you could choose one book as a mandatory read for all high school students, which book would you
se?
Would you rather have less work or more work you actually enjoy doing?
What is important enough to go to war over?
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
When was the last time you listened to the sound of your own breathing?
What’s something you know you do differently than most people?
What does ‘The American Dream’ mean to you?
Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton?
If you could instill one piece of advice in a newborn baby’s mind, what advice would you give?
What is the most desirable trait another person can possess?
What are you most grateful for?
Is stealing to feed a starving child wrong?
What do you want most?
Are you more worried about doing things right, or doing the right things?
What has life taught you recently?
What is the one thing you would most like to change about the world?
Where do you find inspiration?
Can you describe your life in a six word sentence?
If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake?
What impact do you want to leave on the world?
What is the most defining moment of your life thus far?
In the haste of your daily life, what are you not seeing?
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do?
What lifts your spirits when life gets you down?
Have you ever regretted something you did not say or do?
Has your greatest fear ever come true?
Why do we think of others the most when they’re gone?
What is your most beloved childhood memory?
Is it more important to love or be loved?
If it all came back around to you, would it help you or hurt you?
If you had the chance to go back in time and change one thing would you do it?
If a doctor gave you five years to live, what would you try to accomplish?
What is the difference between falling in love and being in love?
Who do you think stands between you and happiness?
What is the difference between innocence and ignorance?
What is the simplest truth you can express in words?
What gives your life meaning?
Can there be happiness without sadness? Pleasure without pain? Peace without war?
What’s the one thing you’d like others to remember about you at the end of your life?
Is there such a thing as perfect?
To what degree have you actually controlled the course your life has taken?
What does it mean to be human?
If you looked into the heart of your enemy, what do you think you would find that is different from what is in
 own heart?
What do you love most about yourself?
Where would you most like to go and why?
Is it more important to do what you love or to love what you are doing?
What do you imagine yourself doing ten years from now?
What small act of kindness were you once shown that you will never forget?
What is your happiest childhood memory? What makes it so special?
Do you own your things or do your things own you?
Would you rather lose all of your old memories or never be able to make new ones?
How do you deal with someone in a position of power who wants you to fail?
What do you have that you cannot live without?
When you close your eyes what do you see?
What sustains you on a daily basis?
What are your top five personal values?
Why must you love someone enough to let them go?
Do you ever celebrate the green lights?
What personal prisons have you built out of fears?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do?
Why are you, you?
If you haven’t achieved it yet what do you have to lose?
What three words would you use to describe the last three months of your life?
Is it ever right to do the wrong thing? Is it ever wrong to do the right thing?
How would you describe ‘freedom’ in your own words?
What is the most important thing you could do right now in your personal life?
If you could ask one person, alive or dead, only one question, who would you ask and what would you ask?
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
What is your number one goal for the next six months?
Would you ever give up your life to save someone else?
Are you happy with yourself?
What is the meaning of ‘peace’ to you?
What are three moral rules you will never break?
What does it mean to allow another person to truly love you?
Who or what do you think of when you think of love?
If your life was a novel, what would be the title and how would your story end?
What would you not give up for $1,000,000 in cash?
When do you feel most like yourself?
When you help someone do you ever think, “What’s in it for me?”
What is your greatest challenge?
How do you know when it’s time to continue holding on or time to let go?
How do you define success?
If someone could tell you the exact day and time you are going to die, would you want them to tell
If I could grant you one wish what would you wish for?
What have you read online recently that inspired you?
Why do religions that advocate unity divide the human race?
If you could live one day of your life over again, what day would you choose?
What can money not buy?
If you left this life tomorrow, how would you be remembered?
Beyond the titles that others have given you, who are you?
If you could live the next 24 hours and then erase it and start over just once, what would you do?
Is it possible to know the truth without challenging it first?
What word best describes the way you’ve spent the last month of your life?
What makes everyone smile?
What do you owe yourself?
What would your ‘priceless’ MasterCard-style commercial be?
Can you think of a time when impossible became possible?
Why do you matter?
How have you changed in the last five years?
What are you sure of in your life?
When you think of ‘home,’ what, specifically, do you think of?
What’s the difference between settling for things and accepting the way things are?
How many of your friends would you trust with your life?
What’s your definition of heaven?
What is your most prized possession?
How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
What stands between you and happiness?
What makes a person beautiful?
Is there ever a time when giving up makes sense?
What makes you proud?
How do you find the strength to do what you know in your heart is right?
Where do you find peace?
When have you worked hard and loved every minute of it?
How short would your life have to be before you would start living differently today?
Is it better to have loved and lost or to have never loved at all?
What would you do if you made a mistake and somebody died?
Who do you trust and why?
If you were forced to eliminate every physical possession from your life with the exception of what
 fit into a single backpack, what would you put in it?
When does silence convey more meaning than words?
How do you spend the majority of your free time?
Who do you think of first when you think of ‘success?’
What did you want to be when you grew up?
How will today matter in five years from now?
How have you helped someone else recently?
What is your greatest skill?
Do you see to believe or believe to see?
How are you pursuing your dreams right now?
What’s the next big step you need to take?
If today was the last day of your life, would you want to do what you are about to do today?
If today was the last day of your life, who would you call and what would you tell them?
Who do you dream about?
What do you have trouble seeing clearly in your mind?
What are you looking forward to?
What is the number one thing you want to accomplish before you die?
When is love a weakness?
What has been the most terrifying moment of your life thus far?
Who is the strongest person you know?
If you could take a single photograph of your life, what would it look like?
Is the reward worth the risk?
For you personally, what makes today worth living?
What have you done in the last year that makes you proud?
What did you learn recently that changed the way you live?
What is your fondest memory from the past three years?
What are the primary components of a happy life?
How would the world be different if you were never born?
What is your favorite song and why?
With the resources you have right now, what can you do to bring yourself closer to your goal?
What are your top three priorities?
Why do we idolize sports players?
What is the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?
What do you see when you look into the future?
What makes you angry? Why?
What is the most valuable life lesson you learned from your parents?
What does love feel like?
What are your favorite simple pleasures?
If you could go back in time and tell a younger version of yourself one thing, what would you tell?
What do you do to deliberately impress others?
What will you never do?
Excluding romantic relationships, who do you love?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What book has had the greatest influence on your life?
What three questions do you wish you knew the answers to?
What is the greatest peer pressure you’ve ever felt?
What’s the biggest lie you once believed was true?
In your lifetime, what have you done that hurt someone else?
What’s the best part of growing older?
What’s been on your mind most lately?
What do you think is worth waiting for?
What chances do you wish you had taken?
Where else would you like to live? Why?
What motivates you to go to work each day?
What do you wish you had done differently?
What is your greatest strength and your greatest weakness?
When was the last time you lied? What did you lie about?
What made you smile this week?
What do you do with the majority of your money?
What motivates you to be your best?
When was the last time you lost your temper? About what?
What will you never give up on?
When you look into the past, what do you miss the most?
How would you describe the past year of your life in one sentence?
What is the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What makes you uncomfortable?
If you had to move 3000 miles away, what one thing would you miss the most?
What worries you about the future?
What one ‘need’ and one ‘want’ will you strive to achieve in the next twelve months?
What life lessons did you have to experience firsthand before you fully understood them?
Do you like the city or town you live in? Why or why not?
What’s the best part of being you?
When you look back over the past month, what single moment stands out?
What do you do to relieve stress?
What is your happiest memory?
What is your saddest memory?
What would you like to change?
How many people do you love?
What’s the best decision you’ve ever made?
What’s your favorite true story that you enjoy sharing with others?
Right now, at this moment, what do you want most?
What are you waiting for? How are you writing your life’s story?
What makes love last?
What good comes from suffering?
What’s the most important lesson you’ve learned in the last year?
Based on you current daily actions and routines, where would you expect to be in five years?
What was your last major accomplishment?
Through all of life’s twists and turns who has been there for you?
What or who has been distracting you?
What are you looking forward to in the upcoming week?
Who is your mentor and what have you learned from them?
What are you uncertain about?
What do you think about when you lie awake in bed?
What’s something most people don’t know about you?
When you have a random hour of free time, what do you usually do?
What makes you weird?
If you could relive yesterday what would you do differently?
What do you do over and over again that you hate doing?
Would you rather your child be less attractive and extremely intelligent or extremely attractive and
intelligent?
What white lies do you often tell?
What is the biggest change you have made in your life in the last year?
What do you understand today about your life that you did not understand a year ago?
Whose life have you had the greatest impact on?
What did life teach you yesterday?
Who impresses you?
What have you done that you are not proud of?
When should you reveal a secret that you promised you wouldn’t reveal?
How would you spend your ideal day?
What is the one primary quality you look for in a significant other?
What do you admire most about your mother and father?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
If you could live forever, would you want to? Why?
If you had to be someone else for one day, who would you be and why?
What positive changes have you made in your life recently?
Who makes you feel good about yourself?
What is your biggest regret?
Which one of your responsibilities do you wish you could get rid of?
What’s something you don’t like to do that you are still really good at?
What type of person angers you the most?
What is missing in your life?
What is your most striking physical attribute?
What has fear of failure stopped you from doing?
Who would you like to please the most?
If you could go back in time and change things, what would you change about the week that just
d?
When you meet someone for the very first time what do you want them to think about you?
Who would you like to forgive?
At what point during the last five years have you felt lost and alone?
What is one opportunity you believe you missed out on when you were younger?
What do you want more of in your life?
What do you want less of in your life?
Who depends on you?
Who has had the greatest impact on your life?
Are you happy with where you are in your life? Why?
In one year from today, how do you think your life will be different?
How have you sabotaged yourself in the past five years?
Other than money, what else have you gained from your current job?
Whom do you secretly envy? Why?
In twenty years, what do you want to remember?
What are you most excited about in your life right now – today?
What experience from this past year do you appreciate the most?
What is the most enjoyable thing your family has done together in the last three years?
How many hours of television do you watch in a week? A month? A year?
What is the biggest obstacle that stands in your way right now?
What do you sometimes pretend you understand that you really don’t?
What do you like most about your job? What do you dislike most about your job?
What’s something new you recently learned about yourself?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your mother?
What was the most defining moment in your life during this past year?
What’s the number one change you need to make in your life in the next twelve months?
What makes you feel secure?
What is your favorite sound?
What are the top three qualities you look for in a friend?
What simple gesture have you recently witnessed that renewed your hope in humanity?
What is your favorite smell?
What recent memory makes you smile the most?
In one word, how would you describe your childhood?
What celebrities do you admire? Why?
What is the number one motivator in your life right now?
What music do you listen to to lift your spirits when you’re feeling down?
If I gave you $1000 and told you that you had to spend it today, what would you buy?
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Who was the last person you said “I love you” to?
What is your biggest phobia?
What are some recent compliments you’ve received?
How many friends do you have in real life that you talk to regularly?
How much money per month is enough for you to live comfortably?
When was your first impression of someone totally wrong?
How many hours a week do you spend online?
What do you love to do?
What specific character trait do you want to be known for?
Are you more like your mom or your dad? In what way?
What is the number one quality that makes someone a good leader?
What bad habits do you want to break?
What is your favorite place on Earth?
What do you love to practice?
What questions do you often ask yourself?
What are you an expert at?
How would an extra $1000 a month change your life?
What things in life should always be free?
What is your favorite time of the year?
What is something you have always wanted since you were a kid?
What is the most recent dream you remember having while sleeping?
What confuses you?
In what way are you your own worst enemy?
When did you not speak up when you should have?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your favorite fictional story? (novel, movie, fairytale, etc.)
Where or who do you turn to when you need good advice?
What artistic medium do you use to express yourself?
Who or what is the greatest enemy of mankind?
What’s something you wish you had done earlier in life?
What is the closest you have ever come to fearing for your life?
How do you deal with isolation and loneliness?
What do you know well enough to teach to others?
What’s a quick decision you once made that changed your life?
What have you lost interest in recently?
What makes life easier?
What was the last thing you furiously argued about with someone?
What job would you never do no matter how much it paid?
What is the number one solution to healing the world?
What could society do without?
What stresses you out?
Now that it’s behind you, what did you do last week that was memorable?
Where do you spend most of your time while you’re awake?
What makes someone a hero?
When in your life have you been a victim of stereotyping?
When was the last time you felt lucky?
When did you first realize that life is short?
What is the most insensitive thing a person can do?
What can someone do to grab your attention?
What do you usually think about on your drive home from work?
What’s one downside of the modern day world?
What simple fact do you wish more people understood?
If you could do it all over again, would you change anything?
How would you describe your future in three words?
Sure! Here are some unique topic questions: